INSTALLATION AND CUSTOMIZATION SERVICE AVAILABLE

WE OFFER A PROFESSIONAL INSTALL/CUSTOMIZE SERVICE, VISIT:

http://www.freecontactform.com/services.php





-----------------------------------------------------------------






Date: 26th July 2007
Version: 3.0 Beta 2
URL:     www.freecontactform.com
Author:  Stuart Cochrane
Email:   stuartc1@gmail.com
NOTE: You must keep the author link intact to use this for free, 
 or purchase an owned license for £10 GBP -
 see README.txt on how to purchase a license.
 
 
NOTE 1: I highly recommend that you visit out 'free update notification' page in order to be the first to find out about new version releases (for new enhancements and fixes). Please visit this page before you forget, you can access it right now at: 
http://www.freecontactform.com/notifications.php 
- you can remove yourself from the notification list at any time!

NOTE 2: We have just released a new FCF Blog system where we post up user requested modifications solutions and general answers to commonly asked questions. You can access out blog at: 
http://blog.freecontactform.com/
 
 
CHANGE LOG FOR VERSION 3.0 Beta 2
1. Fixed problem with error redirect which effected PHP 5

CHANGE LOG FOR VERSION 3.0 Beta 1
1. Updated encryption process 
  (the previous version was found to occasionally cause problems with certain user secret keys)
2. Added new form field value checker class to identify and remove any possible hack attempts.
3. Allowed the user to set SUBJECT line against any hackl attempts (you can filter these out in your email client).
4. Allowed to user to silently reject an hack attempts (relates to item 3 above).
5. Allow the user to specify if they want successfuly form submissions to be redirected to a new page or back to the form with confirmation message (see item 6)
6. User can specify the confirmation message (see item 5).
7. User can choose where to redirect on error. Either own custom page or use the form_error.php page provided (you can edit this to match your site design).


 
CHANGE LOG FOR VERSION 2.5 Beta 2
1. Fixed javascript trim fuction on 3 form fields
2. Removed some outdated comments

CHANGE LOG FOR VERSION 2.5 Beta
1. Updated email from address to reflect user
2. Included a new PHP generic form validator - add any fields you like
3. Included a new JavaScript form validator - add any fields you like


CHANGE LOG FOR VERSION 2.0 Beta
1. Fixed several bugs
2. Included Generic JavaScript Validator
3. New Demo Form
4. Updated form processor script to handle
and process generic form submissions


CHANGE LOG FOR VERSION 1.2.1
1. Removed debugging info

CHANGE LOG FOR VERSION 1.2
1. Fixed variable on fcf_parse to match the correct global scope.
2. Removed department radio buttons - only one email address if required in config.
3. Added a check for versions of PHP > 5.1 and included the date setting which may be required.

Please report any bugs or problems to stuartc1@gmail.com - please include your PHP version,
and give details of any non-default settings you have. Also include the Operating System and webserver.



INSTALLATION:

Package Contents.

 form.php - demo form.
 config.php	- this file contains parameters which you MUST change
 process_form.php - form processing script, emails the form.
 thankyou.php - example thank you page, you can create your own.
 validation.class.php - php class used to validate the form.
 validation.js - JavaScript functions used to validate the form. 
 README.txt - some basic information and LICENSE regarding the use of the script. Please read it.
 installation.txt - This file


How to do a basic installation:

Upload the zip file (or each file at a time) to your server,
Consider which directory fits best with you site structure.

Unpack the content of the zip to your folder (if you have not already)

Open up config.php using an editor (vi would do on *nix)
Or you can open it on your local machine then upload after!

EDIT ALL SECTIONS INDICATED AT THE TOP OF THE config.php file

OPTIONAL:
If you want to change the default expiration time (60 minutes)..

Look for the lines (in the mkEncStr() function ):
 // compare date/time
 $plTime = date("YmdHi",mktime(date("H"),date("i")+60));
 $msTime = date("YmdHi",mktime(date("H"),date("i")-60));

Edit the 60 values to your own preference.


Save you config.php file (upload if not already)




If you intend using this script on a form other than the one provided, 
you must also edit the file 'process_form.php'
This file contains a generic form validator, you need to specify each field you wish to validate.


-----


To build this form into your sites existing design:

Open up form.php for editing.

Insert your own HTML above and below the form script or
use PHP includes, for example:

include 'header.php'; // place at start of page
 -- the form code in here --
include 'footer.php'; // place at end of page

Remember to keep  the code include 'config.php'; before the form!!



----


Notes:
If you are experiencing problems (i.e. no page appearing, or no emails) -
switch on error display and full error messages in the php.ini
This should give you an indication of the error.

It is advisable to keep register_globals set to off.


Bugs:
If you find any bugs or have suggestions for improvements for future versions, 
please let me know by emailing stuartc1@gmail.com
 

Don’t forget to check the site for updates:
http://www.freecontactform.com




INSTALLATION AND CUSTOMIZATION SERVICE AVAILABLE

WE OFFER A PROFESSIONAL INSTALL/CUSTOMIZE SERVICE, VISIT:

http://www.freecontactform.com/services.php




















